Adds release notes for 2.13.7 (#10986)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.13.7

### Enabling Pydantic V2

> In 2.13.5 we released experimental support for Pydantic V2, which made it co-installable via forced install. In this release, we are enabling co-installation by default which will allow end users to leverage Pydantic V2 in their flows and tasks. Additionally, users can choose to update to Pydantic V2 on their own timeline as we maintain compatability with V1 within flows and tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2.13.5 we released experimental support for Pydantic V2, which made it co-installable via forced install. In this release, we are enabling co-installation by default which will allow you to leverage Pydantic V2 in your flows and tasks. Additionally, you can choose to update to Pydantic V2 on your own timeline as we maintain compatability with V1 within flows and tasks.
```

Reviewer: generally we try to make it user-facing

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See implementation details in the following pull request:
- Your PR here
```

Author: Just making sure -- the PR linked should be the one removing the pin?

Reviewer: 👍

Author: Done!

### Documentation

> - Fixes type in release notes - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10950

Reviewer: a typo above ^ 😄 
```suggestion
- Fixes typo in release notes - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10950
```
